---
title: "End of support for Skype for Business Server 2015/2019"
meta_title: ""
description: ""
date: 2024-10-14T10:00:00-05:00
image: "/images/blog/sfb/sfb_eol_thumbnail.png"
categories: ["Skype for Business"]
author: "Maxime Hiez"
tags: ["End of support"]
draft: false
---
---

Microsoft has announced the end of support of the 2015 and 2019 versions of Skype for Business Server for October 2025.

After October 14, 2025, Microsoft will no longer provide technical support, security fixes, or updates for Skype for Business Server 2015 and 2019. Organizations still using these versions will be exposed to security risks and compatibility issues. It is therefore crucial to plan their transition to another solution before this date.

Microsoft strongly recommends migrating to Microsoft Teams, which offers a range of advanced features and tight integration with other Microsoft 365 services. Teams is designed to replace Skype for Business and offers benefits such as enhanced collaboration capabilities, features advanced meeting capabilities and enhanced security.

For organizations that prefer to stay with an on-premises solution, Microsoft is offering an upgrade to Skype for Business Server Subscription Edition (SE), scheduled for release in the second half of 2025. This release will offer ongoing updates and security enhancements , thus guaranteeing a reliable and secure communication solution.

---

##### Sources
[Microsoft - Techcommunity](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/skype_for_business_blog/end-of-support-for-skype-for-business-server-2015-and-skype-for-business-server-/4268502)

---


Did you enjoy this post ? If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please leave a comment in the section below or by sending me a message from the contact form.

Don't forget to follow us and share this post.